So what is critical to review when you start a new tour on your ship,
when you walk up the brow and gets you a new ship, one thing that the
commanding officer always has is this standing orders. And before
you're gonna be qualified as an officer, that import or the officer
of the deck underway or the tactical action off, Sir, you lost the watch.
You're going tohave to know the commanding officers standing orders.
This is vitally important because these are his one on one directions
to you to tell you. Call me if this happens. Okay? Most easiest
thing. One thing is commanding officer to the bridge. Okay, Trust
made commanding officer will get to the bridge Real point when that
war goes out. Because he knows. And he will trust you if you have.
If you delay calling the commanding Austin the bridge, that's what
happens in the McCain McCain. I got in trouble. Manning Officer did
not get to the bridge. So commanding officers standing orders number
one thing that you need to read. In fact, if you're going to a new
ship, you might want to ask the exact, you know, can I get a copy off
the commanding officer standing orders before you even get there.
Okay, that shows that you're being aggressive. You're leaning forward
in the saddle and you want to see his standing orders. Now, in addition
to that, each night underway our commanding officers night orders
on the night quarters are equally important. It lays down step
by step. Okay. When to call the captain for any situation. Okay, if
there's a contact bearing down on you, what's known as CVD are constant
bearing. Decreasing range. You've got some unidentified contact
coming down straight at you. Captain wants to know every commanding
officer wants to know. When that situation happens, There's a few other
situations in Hey, we're gonna be refueling tomorrow morning. So
on the night watch, we've got a fake out all the hoses on the port
side and make sure that we're ready to receive lines and line years,
you know, probably at oh, dark 30 in the morning. And the standing
orders will lay those out. So those two things that you could be from
familiarize yourself with that pair you and make you a better officer
going to a new command